everybody welcome back northern Lions
The Binding of Isaac we keep getting
like decent streaks going here we've had
some great runs on and empirical sea
dish level recently 0.96 speed good rate
of fire good damage box of friends gives
us ok nevermind we win it's a it's a
really good starting item though hey
let's start the Isaac episode I'm going
to build some tension I'm gonna build a
moment will he or won't he win I don't
know there's death touch in the first
item room so I mean that compromises our
rate of fire but apart from that it's
extremely worth it oh no I mean in a way
it almost I'm not gonna say it isn't
because the piercing shot is sort of an
intangible that helps us at an enormous
deal as well but we did we had 33
percent decreased rate of fire this is
an excel no just a just a large floor
and we basically got 33% increased
damage so we're shooting 1/3 more slowly
this is a weird way to phrase this but
we're shooting 1/3 more slowly but we're
doing 1/3 or maybe slightly more than
1/3 more damage I think it's because
like a tears down is like it's a
relative quantity and I know please
don't stop talking about relative
quantities I'm almost there but no what
I mean is like the first tears downgrade
always seems to be like
disproportionately large in the first
tears upgrade always seems to be
disproportionately large so I was acting
you're not going to believe me I was
going to predict that that was going to
take us to eight anyway then just like
the one from spawn when you get the
first tears upgrade and or downgrade it
always seems to take you to like almost
mid double digits but anyway we're
completely sad we got a spirit are we
got a chance at an arcade on this floor
we got piercing shots with deaths touch
this is balls of steel told you
paralysis did I say balls of steel
because in in my head I said paralysis
yeah this is just like a 10 out of 10
actual start bursting sack
embarrassingly still don't totally know
what this item does I know
that occasionally gives you some spiders
I always get it confused with
the spider bombs but spider bombs spider
bombs they explode into spiders mom it's
not a phase I swear to you I'll still be
emo in 2022 look out they are the spider
bombs that was a genuine voicecrack
maybe I'm going through second puberty I
don't know dude like sometimes I don't
feel like I'm actually going through
puberty again but sometimes I feel like
I'm going through like hormonal changes
that are similar to puberty like I feel
like I started shaving when I was when I
was 13 a little on the early side not
not like two orders of magnitude early
but a little on the early side and I was
like a four for a long time I was like a
once-a-week sort of electric razor guy
for like the last seven or eight years
I've been at once a week use the
electric razor and it keeps me like at
the end of it I get a little beardy but
you know for the most part I just got
like sublet and the stubble gets longer
and then I'm like ice getting a little
itchy I should you know sort it out I
think I might have to move to a2 times a
week shave I think I'm still feeling the
residual effects of like becoming an
adult and like right now like I shaved
yesterday and I in shave I use the
electric razor I should say so it always
leaves you with like a little bit of
stubble and then today I have stubble
still but it's like movable stubble I'm
not saying you could style it but
there's like I can I can feel the hair
like Bend when I rub my hand on it means
tomorrow I'm gonna have like an actual
pseudo beard like I'm going to look like
I could be an MMA fighter at least from
a follicular standpoint I'm not really
willing to go for broke on that one and
that means in four days I'm going to
start to be like you know when the hair
starts to get like weirdly curly at the
jawline I'm gonna be like alright guess
it's time to shave again I don't want to
be a two times a week shaver
I'm not go specially considering we
can't do anything with this anyway um
with the the box of France it is we can
get to farting baby sorry I don't want
to misrepresent farting baby check it
out check it out
pretty solid I'm not complaining about
my lot in life you know like whenever
you complain about its just crank on the
old razor blade had extremely
disproportionately good payouts for us
here um whenever you complain you know
as a dude you're like oh I've gotta
shave my face once a week a lot of
people there's a lot of like men shave
their face once a day which is crazy to
me that's like some actual I don't know
if you know this but like when I grew up
the era that I grew up in men were
clean-shaven the the ideal appearance
for virility was like Justin Timberlake
was like a baby face like teenager
basically so as a thirteen-year-old
where people are like chest hair I mean
they still probably are like that
because that's that's too young yeah
it's like a 17 year old people are like
chest hair ooh you're like golly at
chest hair
ooh I meanwhile take my shirt off looks
like Robin Williams elbows you know the
thing is we're so lucky if you're if
you're a hairy dude and you're growing
up in this era you don't understand
beards maybe like again seven or eight
years ago inexplicably became sort of in
vogue and it'll pass I know you're
looking at these photos of yourself
right now and like you know plaid
clothes you got a full tattoo arm sleeve
a beanie and thick rimmed glasses it's
not me insulting you I am in that camp
as well - the tattoos and then the well
cloths beard but either way you're going
to look back on those photos the same
way you look back on photos of like your
parents in the 1980s they thought they
looked good your mom made your dad at a
party and said I want his DNA to make
you to make you and that's the beautiful
part about it but anyway yet it's not
going to last forever and I am NOT
looking forward to the day where
clean-shaven this becomes the number-one
inventive your clean-shaven you can't
grow facial hair this is just how you oh
I didn't mean I'm in to hit spacebar
they're actually like you might be
growing up in this era and you can't
grow a mustache first off you're the
luckiest person in the world you just
don't realize it yet because you know
that means nothing for you it means you
can't grow facial hair with big deal you
know I'm not trying to insult you but if
you're if you're a clean-shaven person
or a follicularly challenged person in
an era where beards are in vogue it's
only bad because you don't have the
option to make the stylistic choice you
want if you're a hairy person when you
know having a face as smooth as a baby's
bottom is in vogue you got to shave
every 45 minutes it adds a lot of
overhead to your work week is all I'm
saying so the other thing I'm trying to
say to you is don't sweat it because
you're going to one day you will reap
the benefit of your of your hormonal
nature I promise you this because it
already have I already paid the price I
paid the price as a teenager now I'm
reaping the benefits as a young adult
but yeah one day the the beards your to
say no they're not is the timeless look
mmm not true trust me it's going to go
out of fashion and we're all going to be
sons of bitches basically I'm not
looking forward to it because you know
trends change but you know what stays
the same convenience and being able to
justify some stubble is really really
convenient it's nice I can't deny it we
have so much time here that I'm like
absolutely I'm going to come through
this room we do have an extra why do we
have an extra devil chance to blow
something up must have blown something
up or no way way black candle is just
like a raw chance increase I think well
yeah you know those those are trends
trends come and go we've been in this
like pseudo hipster thing for a while
and honestly I'm relatively for it and I
say that because hey I'm bald I have a
hairstyle that is somewhat associated
with you know at least trendiness right
now it's like a bowl
choice but really it's just because I
have male pattern baldness so I benefit
I've got terrible eyes I wear thick
glasses those are sort of in so weirdly
enough I kind of like mr. Magoo back
flipped into like being sort of trendy
even though I still dress like I'm 14
years old most of the time clean up nice
sometimes though but that's going to
change dude I have these nightmares that
like you know I'm going to wake up and
kpop style is going to have taken over
the planet and that's like you know
compared to the average Korean boy band
member I probably got like 60 pounds on
them can't grow any hair except in
places that they don't have any hair
themselves I don't look good with a
tucked in shirt I don't look good with
the you know the Dame Edna glasses I got
a long way to go if I'm going to if I'm
going to hit standards of a male beauty
in that but you know maybe at that point
I'll be full-on dad build so it'll be I
should I shouldn't worry about it that
much because you know what's the
timeless look for men is uh having the
backpack on the front leg over your
chest and stomach and then having a cute
little infant in the in the front of it
people go don't bother him he's a dad
he's doing bad stuff okay so we're just
going to take this get back out of Dodge
BFF would be nice this run is still very
very good I mean obviously it's still
very very good I don't think now that's
our first beelzebub in a blur I think I
also don't really care about playing an
arcade anymore but that'll change if I
get some HP on this floor I think I mean
I could play the blood bank right now
but I sort of I like the idea that we
could use this for razor blade as well
by speaking of which the razor blade is
actually like the best pick up that
we've had on this run first off is
actually useful
whereas box of friends was basically not
at least in the present moment they're
good at the time but also at the present
moment beyond that it also allowed us to
open up that
this room is new and scary it allowed me
to open up the mimic which I thought
gave me something good if I remember
correctly we can only play this once
sure you know what I'll play it a little
because it might be nice to get BFF but
beyond that it also allowed us to get
sack of sacks which will have a subtle
but important impact over the course of
the run like it really helps out a great
deal it's just the sort of thing where
you don't pick something up and then go
oh thanks sack of sacks you go oh my
luck is very good right now
instead I'll admit we could use
temperance to get like double blood bank
plays here but the kind of thing is like
you know we're we're like an aspiring
millionaire picking up dimes off the
street it's a weird look you know he's
like bill mr. Bill Gates you just sold
your company for a hundred million
dollars why are you picking up those
dimes off the street all money's money
you know people would write memes about
that I never lose your hunger but Bill
Gates that's not a good use of your time
you're picking up dimes I mean this now
sounds like I'm doing a hip hop lyric
but your work is picking up dimes too
except instead of dimes it's like
$10,000 bills don't get confused that's
not ten thousand one dollar bills that's
one bill that says ten thousand on it
it's got a picture of warren g harding
yeah that's right i know the historical
rankings of american presidents
I always like whenever I look at
historical rankings and this happens
more often than you expect of American
presidents in my head I'm always like
warren g harding is consensus number one
he's the worst president in US history
what did he do
ah you know he was he was like crony
like with his business on her friends
and then don't worry this isn't the
current event
he was crony like with his business on
her friends and then like he was pretty
much useless and it didn't really
accomplish anything and then he left a
bad legacy and I'm like how could you
get worse than that and then you're like
Oh James Buchanan basically started the
American Civil War or laid the
foundation for it and then when you take
care of this and pass it off to Abraham
Lincoln is like actually what isn't
quite like a you you fire me no I quit
it I'm gonna mess things up before I
leave sort of moment but it's sort of
close you know I'll tell you what we
might as well temper on stay here a
little bit little scary but 15 cents is
good I'm not going to get BFF though the
gold I'd rather just save it and buy
something a little bit more virile in
the future it's like being Neville
Chamberlain right like it we I wasn't
alive obviously at the genesis of the
Second World War but you know that your
legacy is messed up as a politician
fairly or otherwise and admittedly I
don't have enough of a grasp of the
situation to save say either way with
nuance or with with confidence I guess
but you know he will always for the rest
of history that cares about this air
he's gonna be the guy who was like yeah
okay you go for it just but nothing else
okay like James Buchanan apparently sort
of falls in the same camp although I got
no idea anyway one second we got a
message here hmm oh yes this I'm aware
yeah it's a NIC saying he's not going to
be on the show today because he has to
his girlfriend at the airport that's you
know you're too kind you don't have to
be apologetic about that things come up
actually could you tell Aer Lingus to
delay the flight a little bit we got a
show to run here I have nothing against
Ireland and this is an easy joke I don't
feel good about making it it's a it's a
hack joke but really like I could see
calling it Aer Lingus like a hundred
years ago even though the word I'm sure
still had the same connotations but in
today's era you can't be calling your
airline Aer Lingus it's I almost don't
care how like it oh it's got traditional
Gaelic meaning or something like that I
mean as cool okay I'm sorry wait wait
wait
I'm not trying to be insulting at all
here is Gaelic Irish is that the one
because I thought there was like another
there's also Celtic but a Celtic might
be a tradition as opposed to a language
I think it's Gaelic anyway if it's a
traditional Gaelic word then that's cool
okay I'm not telling you you can't have
the word but like you know if in my
language fellatio meant love well that's
the universal language of biology if in
my language fellatio meant like progress
and I was like it's err pilate's you
know I would expect people to be like
you can respect your own cultural
traditions but your airline has a silly
name maybe it's working for them though
and then in the modern era maybe Aer
Lingus gets more traffic than you'd
expect as a result of their name I've
heard I've never flown with Aer Lingus
I think they predominantly do do haha
Ireland - ex and ex2 Ireland flights and
I've never been to Ireland so I haven't
had the chance
it's like Iceland dare you ever flown
Iceland there if you have been to
Iceland the answer is yes if you have
not been to Iceland the answer is no
unless you caught maybe a connection
that later went to Iceland that you were
not going on but anyway
you get the idea why I'd never go to
Ireland well time never just I don't
know why I would I think Ireland is a
place that I would go like with my
parents that's not to say that it's a
country for people who are in their 50s
just like that's a vacation that you as
a native English speaker you can take
when you're older because it's not that
risky and now it's we're getting you
know like borderline offensive I'm not
judging the country I'm just saying
you're going from one english-speaking
country to another country that speaks
English but as different customs and
traditions that's a low risk trip you
know you're not like hey I'm going to
Thailand where I might not be able to
get around although I assume that you
know knowing the people I know who have
been to Thailand
you could probably hack it out if you
add to it let me put it aside going to
like Cote d'Ivoire or something like
that you know you're what are you gonna
do in Ireland now we're gonna see some
historical stuff we're going to be at
the pubs we're going to oh there's the
Blarney Stone okay and then we're good
like that was fun
nothing wrong with it but as a young
person who still has the slightest bit
of adventurousness in my body I like
going places that are a little bit less
domestic not quite like I'm not the kind
of guy who's like let's go to Cambodia
and ride on an elephant or like let's
live in the Australian bush for a week
but
experiencing a wildly different cultures
is cool and a luxury admittedly but okay
okay okay magic mushrooms important I
was starting to feel like this run had
stalled
ever so slightly now we're actually
temporarily this is really bad because
our HP was a driving factor for us here
when our damage hasn't been 10 out of 10
it's like 8 right now but this obviously
gives us a great ability to become guppy
and if I'm being know now if I'm being
straight up with you I will move heaven
and earth to become guppy
because it hasn't happened recently I
hope I'm not in the minority on that
like there are places that I would go
with my wife that I would not go with my
parents and I think kind of like well
not not wouldn't go but I would prefer
to go with like different company and
the same kind of applies like in Reverse
because I think like if my my parents
have a desire at some point to go you
know do the UK tour like Scotland
Ireland possibly England as well what
about Wales I'm going to be honest with
you and this is not meant as an insult I
come from a small country as well I'm
not sure that they know that Wales is a
country they're doing well in their
lives they're not you know geography
majors they might know that Wales is a
country they might think it's a Duchy or
something and historically that has been
the case Oh at times but I'm just saying
it's not really their wheelhouse but I
think that Kate's not that interested in
that kate is much more like you know
let's go to like I don't know Croatia or
something like that and I would I would
much rather go to Croatia with my wife
especially if she's going to have the
phrase book handy and I can just sort of
sit back and eat though fully delicious
foods
I don't know this is a dead-end
conversation maybe other people don't
feel the same way I guess it depends on
you know the kind of family you come
from it might surprise you I come from a
family that's relatively risk-averse
this is like a genuine thing that I'm
about to tell you in the whole time of
my youth like the entire time I lived
with my parents I never saw them take a
vacation that was more than like when I
was 21 we all went to Las Vegas we are
going to give ourselves a crack at boss
rush here when I was 21 we went to Las
Vegas which was like a five-hour flight
for my hometown but apart from that like
every year when I was growing up it was
like okay we're gonna go to like Ottawa
we're going to go to Toronto you know
two to three hours away by car and that
was going to be like their vacation and
I'm like they've done well for
themselves they just never really were
adventurous in the travel department and
they're getting into it now they're a
little bit older not and now honestly
now they don't the raise this scumbag
right here they got more more time and
more money I'm sure but you know always
look back on that or I'm like wow for
like and it's a fairly common experience
I think but like for 20 years like you
win not that far away from our hometown
that's that's admirable that you put
your lives aside to to raise me but I
think that also there's an element of
like genetically I know them and if I
didn't have an exterior force being like
hey let's go like somewhere exotic I'd
be like I can just stay home tonight why
don't we just watch a movie you know
that's built into my DNA on a
fundamental level as well I don't know
man what is this I'm excited but I think
that's like fairly common like in the in
my hometown or at least you know I went
to a school that was very very small it
was kind of just like a school that
collected people that didn't really fit
into other school districts that were
nearby and it was like hey it's Spring
Break what are you doing and everybody
in the class was like
and saying you know with my grandma for
a week instead of going to school and
then there would be like one person
they'd be like we're driving to Florida
and we'd be like what Florida that's
crazy
that was too fast that shot speed was
too fast
now you're picturing like where I grew
up is like that picture of the lady from
the Dust Bowl and the Great Depression
he's got like you know sand on her lips
because it's so dry like there's no
water anywhere anyway that's not really
what it was like it's just a more
domestic the domestic sort of town
there's nothing wrong with it it's just
that it's just different but it's not
different for a lot of people just you
know normal and it was normal at the
time as well as still as normal in this
day please stop being excited not you
watching this video I need you to be
excited so we can you know sell
impressions to advertisers basically and
also so you have a good impression of me
as a person let's go just I don't
understand why I look at this run and I
go it's kind of like not that good
like we're just missing one over-the-top
Sylvester Stallone element here to
really bring it home I think and
obviously like the easy one is guppy
which is why I'm holding the Joker card
right now hoping that if we don't get a
deal with the devil we can make this
joker card work for us the ideal is
actually that we don't get a deal with
the devil because then we can use our
Joker card on this floor we'll have a
hundred percent chance to get a deal
with the devil on the next floor
assuming we don't take red heart damage
which actually is possible with nine
lives that we take red heart damage and
live and then we can carry our yarra
room without worrying that we're costing
ourselves a devil deal overall well at
this point you might as well Joker and
we get came being conception which
honestly I think is basically free right
now here's the deal I'm going to take
the Joker instead of the era and it's
I've almost like slided backwards into
being scared of this run again as
strange as this might sound the run is
okay come on
but the Year Arun is for free items of
you know unknown qualities they could be
amazing it could be horrible the devil
deal is zero to three items that are
from a better pool we can't guarantee
that they're good but they're from a
better pool so I actually think we need
to go mildly risk-averse here with one
and a half spirit arts I think that it
might be wise for us to play very very
slightly more conservatively we didn't
get a deal that's wonderful news so now
we can actually assuming we live long
enough we can actually get a guaranteed
deal on this floor like the womb - and
then we can get the Joker card to work
for us on the cathedral and our guppy
odds are just sodas I mean they're 100
actually so disregard all right now I am
no longer afraid at all so I'm the Joker
card out we could have handled that
differently we could have like died and
then taking the same or like taking the
same to die and then pick up those
spirit arts but I'm fine with this as
well the asain pick up is really just
it's like future proofing the run the
idea is we get hit we get permanent
polaroid invincibility we get a good
time to pop these devil hearts here yeah
I think like I'm not a very and this
won't surprise no one I'm not a very
thrill-seeking person I've you know done
many landmark Isak episodes that I hope
resonated with the non thrill-seekers
out there where I said like you know
everyone's always society pushes this
idea that like the
tonic ideal is I'm not afraid of
skydiving but I don't buy it I think
some people like thrill-seeking and they
find value there and for other people
like it's not that I'm necessarily
afraid of dying while skydiving at all
it's that I just don't feel I don't
enjoy the terror of following like when
even when I'm on a roller coaster I
don't have that much fun and people
roast me for it and that's why I present
it but at the same time like when the
roller coaster is going down the drop
I'm not like this is fun I'm like oh I
have an unpleasant feeling in my body
right now I don't derive enjoyment from
that and maybe maybe that is genuinely
unusual but I'm not trying to think we
should abolish all rollercoasters my
problem is you know Kate will be like we
should go skydiving and I'm like tell
you what if you think you would enjoy
skydiving you go skydiving I'll Drive
you there and then she's like no that
wouldn't be fun thrill-seeking always
depends on marginalizing someone who
doesn't want to thrill seek nobody ever
wants to do it alone it's kind of it's
so fun
why don't we see more solo skydivers you
know people are like yeah you just take
me up but just like to get a couple of
runs in year instead you know I got to
go and like have an incredibly
unpleasant Excellus experience somebody
can do in their whole life it's like
yeah all subject my body to the abject
emotional terror that it thinks it's
dying if it'll make your day a little
bit better it's too much man I can't I
can't do it consistently but you
understood the other thing is like I'm
very content and even as a child I was
very content yeah hey it's your day off
you want to do something special that's
thinking I would just read for like 600
minutes but if you got plans and you
want to like take me along that'd be
cool as well you know let's see what we
got going on yeah let's do it
we're still gulping so who cares right
we didn't get a second transformation we
got tiny planet all of our stats went
down this is
that's Jacob's Ladder which seems really
bad with tiny planet we do have a holy
mantle I see as well I say Jacob's
Ladder seems bad because it only pops
the red joker cargo it's just gone
forever
it only pops the Jacob's Ladder
electricity when the tears die so it's
going to take a million years for that
to happen here obviously let's try to
get bookworm going on it's not a
honestly like not a great run on the
reroll but because we're got the at bad
and holy mantle obviously protects us
nicely as well I don't even want to take
the Bible because I know that we could
die if you pop the Bible against Isaac I
think you die instantly it's been a
while since that is factored into my
existence whatsoever but you know
something to think about anyway as
always I want to I want to let you know
if you're if you're not a thrill-seeker
society is lying to you you know you
don't if you if you feel the pressure to
go bungee jump and go skydiving if you
are a thrill seeker by all means dude go
be Felix Baumgartner see if I care I'm
happy for you genuinely the little
jealous of them being honest I like that
that emotion for some reason but if
you're like I'd rather just read what's
more exciting skydiving or reading
Charlotte brontë's Wuthering Heights
well it is a high action thrill ride you
know like that's me so I understand
where you're coming from
don't let the side to get you down man
okay we're so slow right now speed up
please host pay toxic shock ghost pepper
ads just like you know it is what it is
they're fine
thanks to tiny planet we will probably
never land a successful ghost pepper
shot but we might get lucky
please honestly a 10 out of 10 item for
us right now is sac dagger
we have sad bombs no we do not have sad
bombs I'm begging you stop leaving that
never should have taken that long sac
dagger is the moneymaker especially with
holy mantle we should be popping it
constantly there we go I knew we were
like we had one item for Beelzebub
already so all we needed after getting
that was one to have come into existence
via the transformation so we're said in
that department oh it's been a little
bit of a I wouldn't say a bad Isaac run
at all I mean it's been so safe that
I've been able to just go off on weird
commentary for a while hear how to jump
is actually fine here epic fetus okay
well that like makes the run fairly
substantially less interesting but no no
less strong admittedly still think sac
daggers like the best damage you look
for us we have a ripp nod leaf it's not
like it matters like we had 25 different
ways to win the run at this point but
just a surprise apparently epic foetus
is like just absolute garbage with
Guppies that seems to be the general
gist of things here just let me fight
blue baby we just got a run into him the
runs over its borderline on loser bull
Bob's brain irrelevant
I'm just like I'm dying here with this
0.76 speed man
so I mean we should if we get another
spirit art we should pop suicide King
because we can get you know it's
basically like having a yarrow rune
that's going to cost us a lot of HP and
possibly ruin our run so as far as I'm
concerned that's a win-win how sad that
we can fly but we're using how to jump
to go fast it's an embarrassment alright
so we suicide Kings because there's a
spirit hard got mom's knife what the
heck is going on with these okay that's
pretty cool admittedly but what a
strange series of combination still
mom's knife has saved us from from
boredom to some extent although we are
about to finish this run regardless oh
my god 0.46 speed I'm trying to land the
shots so that mom's knife just cuts him
up means we don't want a direct tip we
want to just slightly be off-center and
we're going to get the win here I will
not do delirium even if they offer it
because 0.46 speed is an active war for
now thanks for watching hope you enjoyed
the episode if you did click the like
button upside a great deal of course
subscribe if you want to see more of the
future for now thanks for watching and
I'll see you next time